Refactor references to submit support requests (#1467)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/icons/usage-guidelines/partials/guidelines/overview.md

- [Figma library](https://www.figma.com/file/TLnoT5AYQfy3tZ0H68BgOr/Flight-Icons?node-id=164%3A0&t=bWFdjHgfV6aLQjep-1) (Internal only)
- [SVG assets (ZIP file)](/assets/zip/flight-icons-svg.zip)

> - [Request an icon](../about/support#request-an-icon)
> - [Report an issue](../about/support#file-an-issue)

Reviewer: I think these can go directly to the Confluence page too.

```suggestion
- [Request an icon or report an issue](https://go.hashi.co/hds-support)
```
